License from https://www.zapsplat.com/license-type/standard-license/
Mirror: https://web.archive.org/web/20180502094813/https://www.zapsplat.com/license-type/standard-license/

License: Standard License

Important – please read. 

You MUST agree to the terms below before using our website and downloading and using our free sound effects. We have tried to make our licence as easy to understand as possible and we really want you to get the best use from our free sound effects and music. If in any doubt about how you intend to use our sounds with regards to this license, please get in touch.

 
Attribution / Credit Required

Sound effects licensed via this standard license require attribution in the form of a link or credit. You should credit us in the main credits for the project, from your project website, IMDB credits, YouTube description etc. We are fairly flexible on how you do this, but we recommend something like:

    “Sound effects obtained from https://www.zapsplat.com“
    “Additional sound effects from https://www.zapsplat.com“
    “Music from https://www.zapsplat.com“

(Word it anyway you like, but please just make sure our website is added to the credit).

 
Can’t (or don’t want to) credit us if you use our sounds? 

If you can’t or don’t want to attribute or credit us when using sounds from this license, you can upgrade your account to a Gold account with a small monthly or yearly donation (you choose how much and cancel anytime). This means you no longer have to credit us, you can also download the original WAV files for all sounds and the 10 second download delay is also removed.

Click here to donate and upgrade to remove the attribution requirement

 
What you can use our free sound effects for:

You can use our sound effects in any non-commercial, commercial and broadcast production, including but not limited to….

    Films, television and radio programmes
    Commercials
    Podcasts
    Games and apps
    Within software
    YouTube videos
    Blogs and websites
    School projects
    Presentations, conferences, exhibitions etc
    Theatrical performances and live shows
    Musical compositions and performances

 

Sound effects must be embedded into your production and not be the primary value of your project (in a sound effect app for example). If your intended use for our sounds isn’t listed above and you are unsure, please contact us

 
What you can’t use our free sound effects for:

You may not use our sound effects for the following purposes under any circumstances…

    Our sound effects must not be shared with any person.
    Our sound effects must not be distributed in any form including on other websites, on social networks, file sharing platforms, CD, DVD or any other ROM.
    Our sound effects can not be loaned, rented, sub-licensed or sold to any third party.
    Our sound effects can not be edited to form new sound effects for sale or distribution outside of your project.

 

We, or our contributors retain the copyright to the sound effects at all times. Sound effects are licensed to you on a non-exclusive basis and subject to the terms detailed above.

 
Indemnification

The Licensee agrees to indemnify ZapSplat.com from any claims, law-suits, damages and any liabilities including reasonable expenses and legal fees incurred relating to any matter that may arise if this licence agreement is breached.

 
Disclaimer of Warranties

Zapsplat.com provides the sound effects and music files on this website on an as-is basis and provides no warranties or conditions of any kind. While we have taken absolute care and precautions to ensure the sound effects we provide are error free, we will not be liable for any loss or damage to your systems as a result of downloading and using our sound effects.

 
Limitation of Liability

The Licensee agrees that Zapsplat.com holds no liability with regards to any claims made in relation to this agreement.

For any questions regarding your intended use of our sound effects, please contact us

Thank you and enjoy our free sound effects.